Hello and welcome to this art to toil in the previous toil we took care of all the data pre-processing
and we made our dataset ready for multiple in our regression.
So today in this story all we were ready to fit multiple in our regression to the trainset and that's
what we're going to do right now.
So ask for a simple regression the first thing that we're going to do is to introduce the multipole
now regress or.
And we're going to call it rigorous.
So that's the common approach to make a regression model.
You'll see that we will create each time a regress or that we will fit to the training set and then
apply to predict function on it to make predictions to make the predictions of new observations like
the test set observations and then ask for a simple regression we're going to use the LN function here
Ellen and in parenthesis we're going to input the parameters.
OK so let's have a look at the LN function here by pressing F 1.
Here we go filling in your models.
Let's look at our arguments.
That's the same as for simple in our regression actually the first argument is formula.
But this time you're going to see how we will need to change the formula syntax.
For those of you who don't already know the trick I'll give you the super trick to write the formula
very quickly and then the second compulsory argument input is the data.
And of course it's going to be the trainset.
So let's first input the formula.
So formula here.
So remember and simple in the regression we wrote the formula Sellery proportional to your experience
.
And here it's almost going to be the same but the difference is that we have several independent variables
We have four independent variables in simple enough regression the dependent variable was proportional
to the only independent variable.
Well here it's going to be the same.
The profit is going to be proportional to these independent variables.
Only the correct way to say it is not proportional but is the profit is going to be a linear combination
of the independent variable and formula equals profit out.
And and here the idea is to add all the independent variables separated with a plus sign.
So let's look at them.
It's our D span.
I'm using the dot here because in the dataset we have some spaces and replace them by dots.
So here is that then plus and then the other variable which is administration
plus marketing spend
spend plus state and that's all.
So that's how you express the profit as a linear combination of all these independent variables.
That's exactly what means this formula.
However there is a trick to write this formula in a much more efficient way.
It's Instead of writing all the independent variables here we can simply write a dot.
That's what we can simply write.
And that's the exact same equation are understands that you want to express the profit as a linear combination
of all the independent variables.
So the dot here just means all the independent variables.
OK.
So that's for the first argument formula equals profit as a linear combination of all the independent
variables.
And the second argument is data.
And as we said it is of course the training set because we want to train our multiple in our regression
model on the training set and then test the performance on the test later.
All right so that's it for a building or multiple regression regressors.
So we're going to select this and executes it we go.
And now now there is something very important to do and this is something very practical very useful
in our is that we are going to look at the informations of our regressors that we just built here and
to do this it's really really simple we just need to it's actually like simple you know regression only
here this time it's going to be more interesting because we will have several independent variables
and some of them will have a stronger effect on the dependent variable.
So we'll see it's going to be more interesting and so simple in the progression we're going to write
a summary of our regrets are.
All right.
And just press enter and that's it.
I'm just going to move that up and here we have all the info of our regressors.
Okay.
So here the first thing is just a reminder of what the formula is.
So the profit is expressed as a linear combination of all the independent variables and our regressors
trends and the trend sets.
Okay perfect residuals we will be talking about that at the end of this part.
So let's not focus on that right now.
However that's the important part the coefficients here.
That's what we need to focus on right now because as you can see it gives some info for each of your
independent variable or by the way state to state three here are the dummy variables and that's because
you know I told you that the library takes care of everything for you.
Not only it created the dummy variables or knew that it had to create dummy variables for the state
variable.
And we helped our to understand that because we encoded the state variable as factors.
So our Did all the job for you because not only he created the dummy variables for the state variables
but also our didn't fall into the dummy variable because as you can see it automatically removed one
of the evaluable to avoid some redundant dependency.
So that's perfect.
That's the beauty of our libraries as well as Python libraries in Python.
I know we specified a new section to remove the dummy variable but that was just to remind you about
the trap.
We don't need to do it on Python.
Take care of that for you.
So that's great.
That's a first thing to notice and then what I was telling you is that for each of the co-efficient
we have different information we have actually the coefficient in the linear regression equation.
Then we have the standard error then the T value then the p value here and then the significance level
.
So the most important info by looking at this are the last two columns the p value and the significance
level because these cons tell us about the statistical significance of the independent variable onto
the dependent variable.
That means it tells us if each of the independent variable has a significant impact on the dependent
variable.
Ok so let me first explain what the p value is.
The most important thing to understand is that the lower the p value is and the most statistically significant
your independent variable is going to be.
That means that the lower the p value is the more impact or affect your independent variable is going
to have independent viable and generally a good threshold to use is the 5 percent threshold.
That means that if your p value is lower than 5 percent then that means that your independent variable
would be highly statistically significant.
And the more it is about 5 percent the less it will be statistically significant.
So that's how you must integrate the value.
And then we have this last column which is just a faster way of interpreting the coefficients because
as you can see we have this line here that explains us about the stars and basically what the stars
mean because that's when the p value is between zero and 0.1 percent.
Then there's going to be three stars which means a highly statistical significance of your independent
variable.
If the p value is between 0.1 percent and 1 percent then it's a quite high level of statistical significance
.
Then if your p value is between 1 percent and 5 percent then the independent variable is still statistically
significant but will have a less strong effect than the first categories.
And then if your p value is between 5 percent and 10 percent it's borderline The independent variable
might have a certain level of statistical significance but not that much and you weigh a lot less than
those independent variables that have three stars two stars.
And then if your P P-value is between 10 percent and 1 then there is absolutely no statistical significance
.
That means they are independent variable won't have any effects on the dependent variable.
So that's very interesting because when we look at our independent variables here we notice that only
one variable has a high statistical significance on to the dependent variable.
It's the R&D spend.
So it looks like the profit is mainly governed by the R&D spend.
That means that it's the R&D spend that has the only strong effect on the profits.
So that's very important information for investors because they now know that they shouldn't only be
looking at the profit itself by you know just looking at the maximum profits to decide where to invest
.
But also it should be looking at the R&D spend variable that should be looking at the amount spent in
R&D to add another criterion in their investment decisions.
So that's a very good info.
And basically what it means what all this means is that among all the independent variables here the
only predicter the only strong predictor of the profit is the R&D spend the rest is absolutely like
and useful.
So actually what this means is that we could we could rewrite this multiple in our regression equation
and turn it into a simple in the our regression because since the only independent variable that has
an effect on the profit dependent variable is the R&D spend then the formula could be profit equals
r dot d dot spend and that would be okay that would actually give us the same prediction.
Okay.
So you learn a lot of stuff in this tutorial but that's very important things to know and in our regression
.
So congratulations.
We only have one tutorial left where we will be predicting the test results.
So I look forward to seeing you there.
And until then and machine learning